(The last meeting before the fan meeting begins!)
(The second day of Line&Up, Fighting!)
JinSoul: Good luck today!
JInSoul: It’s the last day!
(The fan meeting starts with LOOΠΔ / ODD EYE CIRCLE’s performance like the first day!)
HaSeul: The fan meeting has been started~
HaSeul: Ah, that loud sound from fans…
(Unlike the first day, the girls seems so in control!)
HaSeul: They even try to take a selfie. I think they got used to it!
Olivia Hye: Please recruit me to ODD EYE CIRCLE~
(HeeJin showing dance moves at backstage!)
Yves: We have to change into a different outfit for the entire group stage in just 1 minute!
Chuu: Actually, it’s less than 1 minute!
(After LOOΠΔ / yyxy’s last stage, the backstage were like this!)
(And the girls succeed in changing outfit in less than 1 minute!)